When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When I would want to have a secure copy or if I wanted to collaborate with others in a project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I might want to check the modifications first or approuve the ones suggested by others before including them in the local repository. If it's automatic it would be more difficult to control the versions.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    Forks are copies of repositories within GitHub. If one user wants a copy of a repository on his profile, he can just fork it. This allows him to make personal changes to the fork without changing the "official" repository.

    Clones are copies of a repository that can be local or external.
    A user could clone a repository that already exists on his computer to another directory inside his computer. But he can also clone a repository to his computer from GitHub. He uld use this when he wants to work from his computer andmaybe add his changed to the clone afterwards.

    Branches exist within a repository. There's the master branch and the adjacent branches. These are versions of a file that run parralel in the timeline of the main repository branch. They can be used for testing features or conceiving new updates in a project. if they are not a part of the main branch, they won't necessarily appear on GitHub if the master branch is pushed.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    The benefit of having such copy is that it allows to have a sort of snapshot of how the data was stored at that moment, and compare it to the subsequent changes made. There is no need to be connected to GitHub to continue working. Finally, it helps to determine which had been the changes made by other collaborators working on the same project. The possibility of comparison is helpful because it allows to merge those changes and all the conflicts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here